Allow extra section in package manifest (#533)
fortran-lang/fpm: manifest-reference.md

[install]
library = true
```

## Additional free data field

Third-party tools can store their configuration inside the *extra* section.

> This section will never be evaluated by fpm itself, the only constraint imposed it that is has to be valid TOML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will never be evaluated by fpm itself, the only constraint imposed is that it has to be valid TOML.
```

Since the format of this section is free, only recommendations are provided here for adding data to the *extra* section.

> 1. Only use subtables, never add configuration data to the toplevel of the *extra* section.
>    Reasoning: different tools can avoid collisions of keynames by placing their data in separate subtables
> 2. Use the concrete name of the tool rather than a generic name for the subtable.
>    Reasoning: different formatter or linter might use conflicting keywords in a *format* or *lint* subtable.
>    Also, users can tell from the table name which tool is preferred for usage with the project.
> 3. Fpm plugins should use a subtable with their plugin name in the *extra.fpm* section to store their data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Only use subtables, never add configuration data to the top level of the *extra* section.
   Reasoning: different tools can avoid collisions of key names by placing their data in separate subtables.
2. Use the concrete name of the tool rather than a generic name for the subtable.
   Reasoning: different formatter or linter tools might use conflicting keywords in a *format* or *lint* subtable.
   Also, users can tell from the table name which tool is preferred to use with the project.
3. Fpm plugins should use a subtable with their plugin name in the *extra.fpm* section to store their data.
```
